<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>

The experimental part of the paper is in the 4 Experimental Section. 

4 Experimental Section

Material Preparation

For the solution synthesis of Li10GeP2S12, Li6PS5Cl, and Na11Sn2PS12using EDA (98.5%, Sigma-Aldrich) and EDT (98.0%, Sigma-Aldrich), ET (99%, Alfa-Aesar) Li2S (99.9%, Alfa-Aesar), P2S5(99.9%, Sigma-Aldrich), LiCl (99.99%, Alfa-Aesar), GeS2(99.9%, American Elements), Na2S (Sigma-Aldrich), and SnS2(99%, MKN) were used as precursor materials. Stoichiometric mixtures were added to the EDA–EDT mixture solvent and stirred at 60 °C for 3 h. For EDT- and ET-Na11Sn2PS12, the solution was stirred at 70 °C. All synthetic procedures were performed under an argon atmosphere. Li6PS5Cl0.5Br0.5and Na3PS4used for separating SE layers in all-solid-state Li- and Na-ion cells, respectively, was prepared via ball milling and subsequent HT under an Ar atmosphere. For Li6PS5Cl0.5Br0.5, after a stoichiometric mixture of Li2S, P2S5, LiCl, and LiBr was ball-milled at 600 rpm for 10 h in a ZrO2vial with ZrO2balls using a Pulverisette 7PL (Fritsch GmbH), it was subjected to HT at 550 °C for 5 h under an Ar atmosphere. For Na3PS4, a stoichiometric mixture of Na2S and P2S5was ball-milled at 500 rpm for 1 h in a ZrO2vial with ZrO2balls using a Pulverisette 7PL, followed by HT at 270 °C for 1 h under an Ar atmosphere. Li6PS5Cl0.5Br0.5and Na3PS4exhibited ionic conductivities of 4.6 × 10−3 S cm−1 and 9.1 × 10−5 S cm−1 at 30 °C, respectively. To prepare the Na2S–NSPS–C nanocomposites, stoichiometric amounts of Na2S, SnS2, and P2S5powders were fully dissolved in the EDA–EDT solvent and stirred at 70 °C for 3 h. Super C65 was then added, and the solution was stirred. The target weight ratio of Na2S/Na11Sn2PS12/super C65 was 30:50:20. The solvent was removed at 150 °C for 3 h under vacuum, and the as-obtained powders were subjected to HT at 700 °C for 12 h under an argon atmosphere. The mixture electrodes were prepared via conventional manual mixing of Na2S, NSPS (prepared by solid-state synthesis, 0.8 mS cm−1), and super C65, with a weight ratio of 30:50:20.

Material Characterization

Powder XRD patterns were measured using a MiniFlex600 (Rigaku) with Cu-Kαradiation (λ = 1.54056 Å) at 40 kV and 15 mA. The samples were hermetically sealed using a beryllium window. The Raman spectra were collected with an Ar-ion laser beam at an excitation wavelength of 514.5 nm using LabRam Arimis (Horiba Jobin Yvon). For the cryo-TEM measurements, the samples were loaded onto a lacey Cu grid and mounted on a double-tilt cryo-TEM holder with vacuum transfer (Double tilt LN2 Atmos Defend Holder, Mel-Build) to prevent air exposure of the samples. The cryo-TEM images were obtained using a JEM-2100F (JEOL) at an acceleration voltage of 200 kV. UV–vis spectra were measured using a UV-IR spectrometer (S-4100, SCINCO) and Starna quartz cuvettes with 10 mm path lengths. The TGA data were recorded in the range of room temperature to 700 °C at a scan rate of 5 °C min−1 under continuous Ar flow using a Q600 (TA instrument Corp.). Elemental analyses were performed using a Flash 2000 organic elemental analyzer (Thermo Scientific).

Electrochemical Characterization

To extract ionic conductivities of solution-synthesized SEs, two types of symmetric cells were fabricated (Figure, Supporting Information): Li/Li6PS5Cl0.5Br0.5(200 mg)/Li cell and Li/Li6PS5Cl0.5Br0.5(100 mg)/SE (70 mg)/Li6PS5Cl0.5Br0.5(100 mg)/Li cell. The ionic conductivities of solution-synthesized Li10GeP2S12, Li6PS5Cl, and Na11Sn2PS12were determined by subtracting the resistance of Li/Li6PS5Cl0.5Br0.5(200 mg)/Li cell (=RLPSX+ 2Rint(Li/LPSX interfacial resistance)) from that of the Li/Li6PS5Cl0.5Br0.5(100 mg)/SE (70 mg)/Li6PS5Cl0.5Br0.5(100 mg)/Li cells (=RLPSX+ 2Rint(Li/LPSX interfacial resistance) + RSE). Thus, only the ionic resistances of SE (RSE) could be extracted. The cell resistances were measured by cyclic voltammetry, and confirmed by electrochemical impedance spectroscopy measurements. To assemble the cells, SE powders were placed in a poly(aryl-ether-ether-ketone (PEEK) mold (diameter: 13 mm) and pressed under 360 MPa before attaching Li foils on both sides. The TiS2composite electrodes were prepared by mixing TiS2(99.9%, Sigma-Aldrich) and SEs in a weight ratio of 1:2. Li0.5In (nominal composition) powders prepared by mixing Li powders (FMC Lithium Corp.) and In powder (Sigma-Aldrich, 99%) were used as the counter/reference electrodes. The SE layers were prepared by pelletizing the Li6PS5Cl0.5Br0.5powder (150 mg). The as-prepared electrodes (15 mg) and Li0.5In powders (100 mg) were then spread on each side of the SE layer. Finally, the assemblies were pressed at 370 MPa. For the fabrication of all-solid-state Na–S cells, Na3PS4was pelletized and used as the SE layer. Na3Sn (nominal composition) powders were prepared by mixing Na metal (800 mg) and Sn metal (1376 mg), and used as the counter/reference electrodes, which exhibited an operating voltage of ≈0.1 V versus Na/Na+. After, the Na2S–NSPS–C and Na3Sn powders were spread on each side of the Na3PS4layer, the whole assemblies were subjected to pressing at 370 MPa. The mass loading of Na2S–NSPS–C was 7 mg. All assemblies were carried out in a PEEK mold (diameter: 13 mm) with two Ti rods as the current collectors.

Theoretical Calculations

All DFT calculations were performed using DMol3 program. The electron exchange-correlation energy was calculated with the generalized gradient approximation and the Perdew–Burke–Ernzerhof functional. The effective core potential was used for core treatment with a basis set of DNP 4.4 level. The convergence criteria for energy, force, and displacement were set as 1.0 × 10−5 Ha, 0.002 Ha Å−1, and 0.005 Å, respectively. The Conductor-like Screening Model solvation model was applied using the dielectric constant of EDA–EDT (10:1 vol) solvent mixture (ε 15.83). To include the dispersion correction of the van der Waals effect, the DFT empirical dispersion correction (DFT-D3) was used. The Brillouin-zone was sampled by a Monkhorst–Pack as a single k-point (Γ-point) for surface model systems. The dipole slab correction was also employed for all slab calculations. To examine the reaction paths, the linear synchronous transit and quadratic synchronous transit methods were used to satisfy the convergence criteria of the RMS force, which was set as 0.003 Ha Å−1. To observe the proton transfer reaction in the EDA–EDT mixture solvent, a DFT model with the explicit solvents was sampled using molecular dynamics (MD) simulation. MD simulation was performed using COMPASS forcefield under the isothermal-isobaric (i.e.,NPT) ensemble, whereNis the number of atoms,Pis the pressure, andTis the temperature. The temperature and pressure were maintained at 298 K and atmospheric pressure using a Berendsen thermostat and barostat. The cutoff distance of the van der Waals interaction was set to 12.5 Å, and the electrostatic interactions were calculated using the Ewald summation method with an accuracy of 10−5 kcal mol−1. The time step was set to 1 fs, and the total simulation time was 2 ns. The EDA–EDT mixture solvent was considered to contain 60 EDA molecules and 6 EDT molecules (i.e., 10:1 vol) in a 20 Å cubic box, and the equilibrated density was 0.92 g cc−1. From the last configuration of MD simulation, one EDT molecule and surrounding molecules within 3 Å around the EDT were selected for calculating the energy of proton transfer as EDA–EDT cluster, which contained the 8 EDA molecules and 2 EDT molecules (Figure, Supporting Information). To carry out theoretical DFT calculations of the dissolution mechanism on GeS2, a slab model consisting of two atomic layers of GeS2with the (001) surface of the experimental structure determined by the XRD measurement (Figure, Supporting Information) was employed. The top layer of the model system was relaxed, while the bottom layer was fixed to represent the bulk phase during the optimization calculation. The vacuum region of the slab model was set to ≈30 Å for all slab models to avoid self-interaction errors. When a deprotonated EDT molecule was added near the GeS2slab region, protonated EDA was also added to the vacuum region for charge balance (Figure, Supporting Information). Note that when two or more protonated EDAs were in the vacuum area, the distances between protonated EDAs were maximized to prevent them from reacting.

Statistical Analysis

Raman spectra shown in Figure  were normalized to have identical maximum intensity.

Conflict of Interest

The authors declare no conflict of interest.