<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>

The experimental part of the paper is in the section "4 Experimental Section". 

4 Experimental Section

Materials

Single-crystalline NCM811 sample without coating or doping modifications was purchased from Guangdong Canrd New Energy Technology Co. Ltd. Lithium metal anode (200 µm thick) was bought from China Energy Lithium Co. Ltd. LPSCl, Li7P3S11,and 0.7Li3PS4-0.3LiI electrolyte powders were supplied by Ganfeng Lithium Group Co. Ltd. LGePS powder was supported by Guilin Electrical Equipment Scientific Research Institute Co. Ltd. LSnPS electrolyte was synthesized by mechanical ball milling and annealing. Li2S (99.98%, Sigma Aldrich), SnS2(99.5%, Energy Chemical), and P2S5(99.9%, Alfa Aesar) were weighed and put into a zirconia jar (125 mL) together with 25 zirconia balls. Mechanical milling was performed with a milling machine (Fritsch, P7) for 2 hours at a speed of 580 rpm min−1. The mixed powder was pressed into pellets and then sintered for 2 h at 873 K. The sintered pellets were ultimately powdered in a mortar. The LSnS electrolyte was produced via a gas-phase synthesis route. The stoichiometric Li2CO3(99.99%, Innochem) and SnO2(99.9%, Macklin) were hand-ground and transferred into an alumina crucible in a tubular furnace. N2with a controlled flow rate was passed through CS2liquid, thereby converting CS2into gaseous reaction gas into a tubular furnace. The reactant was heated at 500 °C for 24 h, and the product was ground to obtain solid electrolyte powder.

Batteries Assembly

The electrolyte pellet was formed by cold pressing 240 mg of electrolyte powder under 220 MPa in a battery mold with a diameter of 15 mm (Figure, Supporting Information). For the multilayer design, 140 mg of LPSCl and 100 mg of interlayer powder were used. To create the cathode mixture, 350 mg of NCM811 and 150 mg of LPSCl powders were mixed and hand-ground for 30 min in an agate mortar. A cold press method operating at 230 MPa was used to create the close contact between the composite cathode layer and the electrolyte pellet. The mass loading of NCM811 was ≈5.2 mg cm−2.

Electrochemical Test

Li||SNCM811 were conducted in the homemade pressurized cell under 15 MPa during cycling. The Li||Li symmetric cells using composite SSEs with HVMEC-interlayer were cycled under 15 MPa. The pressure of 15 MPa was befitting to make good interface contact of Li-SSE and NCM811-SSE. It should be mentioned that the Li||Li symmetric cells with single HVMEF-SSEs and their composites were cycled under 5 MPa because the pressure of 15 MPa induces the cells to be short-circuited before cycling (Figure, Supporting Information). Galvanostatic charge–discharge experiments were conducted using the LAND systems (CT2001A) at 30°C. Li||SNCM811 cells were cycled between 2.5 and 4.2 V at different C rates (1C = 180 mAh g−1). EIS measurements for the Li+ ion blocking setup (stainless steel||electrolyte pellet||stainless steel) under 220 MPa were used to obtain the temperature-dependent ionic conductivity of electrolytes. The activation energy (Ea) of electrolytes was derived from the Arrhenius relation. The electronic conductivities of the samples were measured by direct current (DC) polarization tests with externally applied voltages of 0.5 V for 1 h at 220 MPa. As for LSnS, DC polarization of 1 V was used to increase the current signal due to its low electronic conductivity. The EIS tests of Li||Li symmetric cells were conducted by an electrochemical workstation (CellTest 1470E, Solartron) in the frequency range of 100 KHz to 0.01 Hz at 30 °C.

Characterizations

Powder XRD was measured on a RIGAKU D/MAX 2550/PC equipment using copper Kαradiation between 10° and 70° (2θ). The XRD data for Rietveld refinements was obtained by scanning 2 s per step with a step of 0.02° between 10° and 120° (2θ). To prevent air exposure, the samples were sealed into a specimen holder with Kapton tape before being mounted on an X-ray diffractometer. Raman spectra were collected using a Renishaw in Viareflex Raman spectrophotometer at the laser excitation source of 532 nm. The morphology of the solid electrolyte and Li anode was evaluated by SEM (SU-8010, Hitachi) at 5 kV. In order to achieve cross-sectional morphology of sandwich-type electrolyte, ceramic cutting combined with the ion beam polisher (JEOL, IB-19520, Japan) was used. XPS was analyzed by a Thermo Scientific K-Alpha X-ray photoelectron spectrometer with Al KαX-ray as the excitation source.

Computational Procedure

The Vienna Ab initio Simulation Package (VASP) was utilized for density functional theory (DFT) calculations in this work, and the Perdew-Burke-Ernzerhof (PBE) generalized gradient approximation (GGA) functional was applied. The material phase which can exist stably in the Materials Project (MP) database is used as the basis for the construction of the alloying phase diagram. To calculate the reaction energy, the parameters such as the plane-wave energy cutoff andk-points density used in DFT calculations were consistent with the parameters employed for MP. In addition, the PV and entropy components’ contributions to the computed reaction energies were ignored as in previous studies. More accurate parameters were used to calculate the density of state and band structure. A plane wave basis set was used with a kinetic energy cutoff of 500 eV to characterize the ionic cores and incorporate valence electrons using projected augmented wave (PAW) potentials. Using the Gaussian smearing technique and a width of 0.05 eV, partial occupancies of the Kohn–Sham orbitals were permitted. When the energy shift was <10−5 eV, the electronic energy was regarded as self-consistent. When the energy change was <0.02 eV Å−1, a geometry optimization was deemed to have reached convergence. The Brillouin zone was integrated with a Monkhorst-Pack method for all structures.