<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>

The experimental part of the paper is in Section 4 Experimental Section. 

4 Experimental Section

Materials
All materials were used directly without any purification. P2S5(>99%), LiI (99.99%, anhydrous), LiCl (>99.98%, anhydrous), LiBr (99.9%, anhydrous), and LCO (99.8%) particles were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich. Li2S (99.9%) was purchased from Alfa Aesar. SnS2(99.999%) was purchased from American Elements.

Preparation of LPSI-xSn Sulfide SSEs (x, the Sn Substitution Percentage, Equals to 0, 10, 15, 17.5, 20, 22.5, 25, 30, 50, 80, and 100)
Stoichiometric raw materials (Li2S, P2S5, LiI, and SnS2) were weighed (total 1 g) and sealed in zirconia ball milling pots. The mass ratio between the mixture and the zirconia ball was 1:40. Low-speed ball milling (180 rpm for 2 h) was used at first to fully mix the starting materials. After that, high-speed of 510 rpm for 13 h was conducted on the mixture. All ball milling processes were protected under Ar gas atmosphere by using planetary ball milling apparatus. Then, the ball-milled product was pressed into pellets, and sealed in quartz tubes for postannealing treatment. The annealing condition was 450 °C/8 h in the muffle furnace. The rate of increasing temperature was fixed at 5 °C min−1. After the annealing was completed, the sample naturally cooled down to RT. It was noted that S vacancy can be produced by partly replacing P2S5with SnS2in the starting raw materials, which can be represented by the following defect equation using Kröger–Vink notation:. Through reacting with other reactants, the S vacancy was occupied, while more Li atoms were introduced to keep the charge balance, increasing the solubility of Li+ ions in the crystal structure.

Preparation of LPSBr-xSn SSEs (Substitution Percentage x = 1, 2.5, 5, 10, 12.5, 15, 20, 30) and LPSCl-xSn SSEs (Substitution Percentage x = 0 and 30)
Li2S, P2S5, SnS2, and LiBr were used for LPSBr-xSn SSEs preparation, while Li2S, P2S5, SnS2, and LiCl raw materials for LPSCl-xSn. Similar to the preparation process of synthesizing LPSI-xSn SSEs, same ball milling condition and annealing process were used to prepare LPSBr-xSn and LPSCl-xSn SSEs.

Preparation of LCO@LNO Cathode Materials and LCO@LNO/LGPS Cathode Composites
According to the previously reported method from the group, ALD process was used to prepare a LiNbOxcoating layer on the commercial LCO particles to form LCO@LNO composites. The LCO@LNO/LGPS cathode composite was prepared by milling LCO@LNO powder and LGPS electrolyte (mass ratio 7:3) with a roll mixer.

Ionic Conductivity Measurements
Ionic conductivity of prepared SSEs was measured by the EIS measurements and corresponding simulation method. EIS measurements were completed on a multichannel potentiostation 3/Z (German VMP3). The applied frequency range was 0.1 Hz to 7 MHz and the amplitude was 20 mV. The test cell was fabricated as follows: 80 mg of the SSEs were pressed into a pellet (diameter 1 cm, thickness 0.7 mm) with a pressure of ≈300 MPa. Subsequently, two pieces of indium (In) foil serving as the current collector were pressed on both sides of the electrolyte pellet in a model cell. To gain the Arrhenius plot, variable-temperature EIS was measured from −5 to 45 °C with an interval of 10 °C.

Cell Assembly and Electrochemical Measurements
For Li//LPSI-20Sn//Li symmetric cells, typically, 80 mg of LPSI-20Sn electrolyte was pressed by ≈300 MPa to form solid pellet. Two pieces of Li metal (China Energy Lithium Co., Ltd.) were placed onto both sides of the LPSI-20Sn pellet and then pressed by ≈120 MPa for 3 min. Li plating/stripping experiments were carried out on LAND battery testing stations (CT-2001A, Wuhan Rambo Testing Equipment Co., Ltd.). Current density and cut-off capacity were set at 0.1 mA cm−2 and 0.1 mAh cm−2. Li/LPSI-20Sn//LGPS//LCO@LNO//LGPS ASSLMBs were fabricated using LGPS as the electrolyte, prepared LCO@LNO/LGPS as the cathode composite, LPSI-20Sn as the Li metal anode interlayer, and Li metal as the anode. Typically, 80 mg of the LGPS electrolyte (purchased from MSE supplies LLC) was pressed under ≈300 MPa to form a solid LGPS layer (diameter: 10 mm, thickness: 0.65 mm). 20 mg of LPSI-20Sn electrolyte was spread on one side of the LGPS layer, and pressed under ≈300 MPa to form an interlayer (diameter: 10 mm, thickness: 0.17 mm) to separate Li metal and LGPS layer. 10 mg of LCO@LNO/LGPS powder was uniformly spread onto the surface of the other side of LGPS layer and pressed under ≈360 MPa for 5 min. Finally, Li metal was placed on the LPSI-20Sn layer and pressed by ≈120 MPa for 3 min. The four-layered pellet cell was sandwiched between two stainless-steel rods as current collectors and sealed in the model cell. Galvanostatic charge–discharge was conducted on the LAND battery test system. The voltage window was set as 2.8–4.2 V (vs Li/Li+), and various constant current densities were applied to evaluate the cycling stability and the rate performance. All cell fabrication processes were conducted in an Ar-filled glovebox.

Air Stability Measurements
The electrolyte stability against dry O2was measured in the TGA instrument. Powder electrolytes were placed in the atmosphere of continuous flow of dry O2with the weight recorded by the built-in microbalance. The stability toward moisture was evaluated as follows: electrolytes were placed in an airtight chamber with humidity and gas (O2, N2, air, and vacuum) controlling. After exposure of 10% humidity overnight, XRD and the EIS measurements were conducted for the electrolyte samples. Reheating process was processed in a vacuum oven (180 °C) overnight.

Characterization
SEM images and element mapping were obtained by using a Hitachi S-4800 field-emission scanning electron microscope (FE-SEM, acceleration voltage 5 kV) equipped with EDS. XRD measurements were performed on Bruker AXS D8 Advance with Cu Kα radiation (λ = 1.54178 Å). Kapton tape was covered on the XRD holder to prevent from the air exposure. Low-speed-scan XRD pattern of LPSI-20Sn electrolyte was obtained by scanning at the speed of 5 s per step (1 step = 0.02°) from 10° to 90° (2θ). XRD Rietveld refinement was performed by using Materials Studio software. Raman spectra were measured with a HORIBA Scientific LabRAM HR Raman spectrometer operated under an incident laser beam at 532 nm. Electrolyte samples were sealed and sandwiched in two pieces of transparent glasses for Raman testing. XPS spectra were obtained by using Krotos AXIS Ultra Spectrometer system using a monochromatic Al K(alpha) source (25 mA, 15 kV). Solid-state 7Li NMR measurements were carried out on a Varian Infinity Plus 400 (I+400) NMR spectrometer (Bo= 9.4 T), operating at a 7Li resonance frequency of 155.248 MHz. The π/2 pulse length was determined to be 2.3 µs. Chemical shifts were referenced with respect to a 1.0 m LiCl solution. The electrolyte sample was sealed in custom-made Teflon tubes (ϕ = 4.7 mm) in an argon-filled glovebox. Variable temperature (−40 to 130 °C with an interval of 5 or 10 °C) measurements were performed by using a 5 mm static probe.T1relaxation (spin–lattice) time at various temperatures was determined by using the saturation recovery method.

DFT Calculation
It was conducted for both static computation and geometry optimization of LPSI and LPSI-20Sn crystal, using the CASTEP DFT code of Accelrys Material Studio 8.0 with the exchange–correlation functional of Perdew–Burke–Ernzerhof (PBE) based on the generalized gradient approximation (GGA). The cut-off energy for the plane-wave basis was set as 380.0 eV. Thek-point mesh of 2 × 2 × 2 was adopted and the self-consistent field tolerance was set as 5.0 × 10−7 eV Å−1. The fast Fourier transform grid density was set as 90 × 90 × 90. The crystal structure of LPSI-20Sn crystal was employed by using different occupation ratios of Sn and P in the same site position. The oxygen replacement reaction energy (ΔE) of LPSI-20Sn and LPSI electrolytes was simulated based on the differential energy by changing one of the S atoms to O atom in the model structure. One 2 × 2 × 2 supercell of LPSI or LPSI-20Sn was used as the model structure by changing one of the S atoms. The oxygen replacement reaction energy (ΔE) can be calculated as ΔE=U(S atom)+U(PS3O tetrahedron)−U(O atom)−U(PS4 tetrahedron), which can be defined as one of the indicators to reveal the resistance capability of sulfide electrolyte (containing PS4tetrahedron) to O2.

Conflict of Interest
The authors declare no conflict of interest.