<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>

4 Experimental Section

Preparation of Materials

Commercial 5,7,12,14-pentacenetetrone was obtained from TCI and used as received for active materials. The solid electrolytes Li7P3S11(LPS) glass ceramic used in this work was synthesized via a solid-state route as reported elsewhere. Typically, sulfide (Li2S, 99.9%, Alfa Aesar) and phosphorus pentasulfide (P2S5, 99%, Aladdin) with molar ratio of 70:30 were weighted and ground together. 2 g of powder was loaded into a ZrO2ball-mill jar with 40 g of 5 mm diameter ZrO2balls. The jars were placed in Planetary Micro Mill (Pulverisette 7, Fritsch) and milled for 30 h at 400 rpm (10 min of milling followed by 5 min breaks to dissipate heat). The resulting powder was subsequently annealed at 210 °C for 3 h and 250 °C for 1 h with a heating rate of 1 °C min−1 and cooled to room temperature naturally. All the above experiments were carried out under Ar atmosphere.

Materials Characterization

XRD patterns were obtained by a Bruker D8 advance diffractometer equipped with Cu Kα radiation (λ = 1.54178). For XRD measurement, LPS was sealed with Kapton film to avoid the moisture. The in situ XRD was tested using a imitate battery system with beryllium as a test window. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM, Hitachi S4800) was used to study the morphology and mapping of materials.  FTIR spectra measurement was performed on Thermo Fisher Nicolet 6700 FTIR spectrometer to study the structure of PT. Nanoindentation test was conducted by a Nano Indenter (Bruker Hysitron TI980) with a standard Berkovich tip to gain the Young's modulus of PT. XPS measurements were carried out by a Thermo Scientific K-Alpha+ with monochromatic Al Kα radiation (1486.6 eV). Solid-state 31P MAS NMR single pulse experiments were conducted on a 400 MHz Bruker Avance III spectrometer operating at 161.97 MHz. All samples were packed into 1.9 mm ZrO2rotors in a glove box with oxygen and H2O level below 1 ppm. The samples were spun at 30 kHz inside a 1.9 mm HXY triple resonance probe with temperature regulated at room temperature. The 31P NMR signal was collected using a π/2 pulse of 1.5 µs, a recycle delay of 7.5 s, and 256 transients. Chemical shift was externally referenced to the solid NH4H2PO4at 0.81 ppm. The cells prepared for all kinds of characterizations were operated at 0.1 C and 60 °C.

Electrochemical Measurements

The PT electrode used for preparing the Li-PT liquid cell was prepared by mixing the PT powders with conductive carbon (Ketjenblack) and binder (polytetrafluorethylene, PTFE) with a weight ratio of 6:3:1 in the isopropanol solvent. Then the slurry was rolled into a film and dried at 80 °C for 12 h. The PT electrode was obtained by compressing the above film onto the current collector (titanium mesh). The Li-PT coin cell (CR2016) was assembled in an argon-filled glove box with a PT electrode, a Celgard 2300 separator and a lithium metal anode. The used electrolyte was composed of 1M LiTFSI dissolved in a mixture of DOL and DME (1:1, volume ratio) with 1 wt% LiNO3additive. The Li-PT liquid cell with glass bottle employed the same cathode, anode and electrolyte as coin cell. The mass loading of both cells was 1 mg cm−2.

All solid-state cells were assembled as follows. First, 80 mg of the LPS powders were cold pressed in a polycarbonate cylinder with an inner-wall diameter of 10 mm under 360 MPa to fabricate the solid electrolyte pellet. The composite cathode was prepared by mixing PT, LPS, and different carbon additives with a mass ratio of 2:7:1 using a pestle and mortar for 15 min. For composite cathode without carbon additives, PT and LPS with a mass ratio of 2:8 were mixed by the same way. When Mo6S8was used, the composite cathode was composed of PT, LPS, and Mo6S8with a mass ratio of 1:3:1. Next, ≈4.2 mg of composite cathode was distributed on one side of LPS pellet (corresponding to a loading of 1.07 mg cm−2), followed by cold pressing under 360 MPa for 1 min. A thin lithium foil was pressed onto the other side of the as-obtained LPS pellet to finish the cell fabrication. A moderate axial pressure of ≈15 MPa was applied through the test. Galvanostatic charge/discharge tests at different current density were conducted between 1.5–3.5 V versus Li+/Li using a Land battery test system (Wuhan, China) at 60 °C. In situ EIS was carried out after 1 h charge/discharge and 0.5 h rest to achieve equilibrium. An amplitude of 10 mV was chosen for measurements in the frequency range of 1 MHz−100 mHz with 10 points per decade.